mushrooms tofu pot stickers a family
favorite for sure
hi it's Jayden from steamy kitchen calm
I love the crispy outside of pot
stickers just as much as I love the
filling
so I created these pot stickers so that
one they're easy super super easy to
fold and two they have maximum
crispiness on the outside these are my
vegetarian version with shiitake
mushrooms tofu and cabbage what I love
about pot stickers is that you can fold
a hundred of them or even more if you
want and freeze what you don't eat that
day and it becomes a very very quick 15
minute meal because the dumplings can go
from freezer to the pan straight away
without defrosting okay here's the
filling I chopped cabbage you can chop
it with a knife like I did or you can
use a big box shredder or you can use
your Cuisinart add the tofu doesn't
matter what kind of tofu you want you
want to crumble or crumble the tofu if
you want this is shiitake mushroom that
I diced as well so just mix everything
together I love lots of garlic so and
ginger so I got a lot of that too the
filling of fresh herbs so I'm adding
fresh Thai basil that I'm just running
my knife through to the filling and all
of these aromatics into a small bowl and
then pour in your soy sauce mix this
together doing this in a small bowl
first before adding it to the big bowl
helps it just disperse evenly throughout
all the vegetables here are two
different brands of wrappers that I
happen to pick up at the Asian market
these come frozen and you have to
defrost them they only take about 40
minutes on the counter to defrost or you
can defrost them in the microwave but
don't defrost them underwater because
they'll get wet and soggy in
usable brand on your right is twin
marquis it's actually a little thicker
than the other brand I actually prefer
the brand on your left
it's nice thin and very easy to fold
okay
these are defrosted and there you can
see they're really thin and flexible
they're perfect consistency for
potstickers what holds a potsticker
together is either an egg wash that you
can make or just cornstarch and water
which is what I use I like using point
star chilled water it's just easier add
a scant tablespoon ability don't
overstuff them they'll burst paint
around the edges of the skin and fold
them in half and make sure that
everything is that there's no air in the
potstickers so push out the air and make
sure that all the edges are sealed
tightly seal tightly then they open up
and then oil seeps in and the spilling
falls out etc etc right here's another
one don't add too much filling again and
just fold it in half into a Halfmoon I
squeeze the middle first and make sure
that that seal and then seal the rest of
the edges and make sure that there's no
air air bubbles and then I go for one
more time with with my fingers just to
make sure that it's sealed correctly now
for those of you who like to get a
little bit more fancy here is the real
way of holding pop stickers again fold
them in the middle and make sure it's
tight in the middle and clean one side
towards the center just like this I did
three picks on each side and make sure
that that's sealed correctly now I'm
going to go on the other side and I'm
gonna pleat towards Center three on each
side you can do two or three on each
side
doesn't matter and then I go over it one
more time on the edge to make sure it's
tight and now you can see it's like a
nice cute little dumpling that has a
that stands up and also can what am I
saying
I don't know here's a different angle
I'm pleading towards the center and I'm
only folding one side which gives a nice
curve just like this go over it one more
time with my fingers make sure it's
super tight and that's it so you can
fold them either way I like both the
first way is much easier so if you've
got kids or you want to do them super
fast you can do it that way plus the
first way gives you maximum exposure to
Chris penis in a pan heat a pan
non-stick pan with cooking oil and once
it starts shimmering a bit go ahead and
add the pot stickers and let them fry
for a couple minutes until they are
browned and not burn but just Brown turn
them over you can see that nice crispy
edge for me okay that's where the
steaming part comes in you're gonna add
just a couple tablespoons of water to
the pan close it with a tight lid and
let let the water steam and finish
cooking the pasta curs
after a few minutes they are done
they're ready to serve the water has
evaporated and just put them on a plate
and serve them remember I said that you
could freeze these and then go direct
from freezer to the pan well you can do
that once you take them out of the
freezer you want to place them one by
one in the pan with a little bit of oil
and remember just be careful make sure
that they don't overlap each other too
much in the pan
just add a couple of minutes to the
given time full recipe or if you have
any questions at all head over to steamy
kitchen calm / 135 thanks for watching
if you love my video recipes make sure
you subscribe to my youtube channel
thank you my brand new cookbook steamy
kitchens healthy Asian favorites just
came out I hope you have a chance to
pick up a copy there is over 100 Asian
recipes that are easy they're healthy
they're good for you plus tons of photos